Update "Frequency of Update section (Issue #10) (#30)
ietf-wg-scone/appman: draft-ietf-scone-applicability-manageability.md

Conformance depends on the behavior of both network and application endpoint.

## Frequency of Updates

> The frequency of SCONE signaling is fundamentally driven by the application endpoint based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frequency of SCONE signaling is decided by the application endpoint based on
```

its specific traffic characteristics. Highly adaptive flows, such as ABR video clients fetching
short media segments, may choose to send SCONE packets frequently (for example, matching their
segment request cadence) to rapidly track network capacity changes. Conversely, non-ABR
applications, for example bulk transfer applications such as background software updates,
may function effectively by sending SCONE packets less frequently, as they do not require

> immediate reactions to changing network conditions.

Reviewer: I don't really understand why you say "they do not require immediate reactions to changing network conditions"?

Author: @mirjak here is the simplified text. I'm pasting the pruned section below. I am also submitting a new PR exactly as I have it below including replacing "driven" with "decided".

**Frequency of Updates**:
For network operators, understanding that SCONE signaling is fundamentally decided by the application endpoint is critical. Because a SCONE Network Element relies entirely on these endpoint-generated packets to communicate throughput advice, operators should expect the frequency of traversing SCONE packets to vary significantly depending on the specific application type and its traffic characteristics. Consequently, network elements must be prepared to apply updates to traversing packets at highly variable, application-driven intervals rather than expecting a predictable or uniform signaling cadence from the network side.
